README.md, before:

# mummer_integration
Contains the dockerfiles and the wiki for mummer first integration

## Setup and explanations of the packages

The [wiki home](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki) will introduce you the global architecture and then each component will be described respectively :

[**Navigation**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Navigation)

[**Ontology**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Onthology)

[**Planning**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Planning)

[**Situation assessment**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Situation-assessment)

[**Supervision**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Supervision)

Finally, the experimentation setup and the material that can be used will be described briefly :  

[**Experiment setup**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Experiment-setup)

* [Global Setup (Mall simulation)]()
* [Motion capture system]()
* [Eye tracking system]()

## Docker installation instructions

First, install docker (briefly described below for x86_64, [original instructions here](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/))

Install docker dependencies and add the docker official GPG key :
```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
sudo apt-key fingerprint 0EBFCD88
```
Verify that you get this :
```
pub   4096R/0EBFCD88 2017-02-22
      Key fingerprint = 9DC8 5822 9FC7 DD38 854A  E2D8 8D81 803C 0EBF CD88
uid                  Docker Release (CE deb) <docker@docker.com>
sub   4096R/F273FCD8 2017-02-22
```
Then, setup the repository with :
```
sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu $(lsb_release -cs) stable"
```
And install docker with :
```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install docker-ce
```
Test your installation with :
```
sudo docker run hello-world

```
## Images installation instructions

Clone the repository :
```
git clone https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration.git
```
And build the dockerfiles with :

```
cd mummer_integration
sudo docker build --tag laas:full ./full/
```

Commit message:

instruction to run docker without sudo

README.md, after:

# mummer_integration
Contains the dockerfiles and the wiki for mummer first integration

## Setup and explanations of the packages

The [wiki home](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki) will introduce you the global architecture and then each component will be described respectively :

[**Navigation**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Navigation)

[**Ontology**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Onthology)

[**Planning**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Planning)

[**Situation assessment**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Situation-assessment)

[**Supervision**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Supervision)

Finally, the experimentation setup and the material that can be used will be described briefly :  

[**Experiment setup**](https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration/wiki/Experiment-setup)

* [Global Setup (Mall simulation)]()
* [Motion capture system]()
* [Eye tracking system]()

## Docker installation instructions

First, install docker (briefly described below for x86_64, [original instructions here](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/))

Install docker dependencies and add the docker official GPG key :
```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
sudo apt-key fingerprint 0EBFCD88
```
Verify that you get this :
```
pub   4096R/0EBFCD88 2017-02-22
      Key fingerprint = 9DC8 5822 9FC7 DD38 854A  E2D8 8D81 803C 0EBF CD88
uid                  Docker Release (CE deb) <docker@docker.com>
sub   4096R/F273FCD8 2017-02-22
```
Then, setup the repository with :
```
sudo add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu $(lsb_release -cs) stable"
```
And install docker with :
```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install docker-ce
```
Test your installation with :
```
sudo docker run hello-world
```

To use docker without sudo, follow the [instructions here](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/#manage-docker-as-a-non-root-user)


## Images installation instructions

Clone the repository :
```
git clone https://github.com/LAAS-HRI/mummer_integration.git
```
And build the dockerfiles with :

```
cd mummer_integration
sudo docker build --tag laas:full ./full/
```
